rust: remove unneeded mutability in ExecutionContext (#444)
ethereum/evmc: CHANGELOG.md

  which can be used to emulate Host behavior when testing VM implementations.
  [#456](https://github.com/ethereum/evmc/pull/456)

### Changed

> - In the Rust bindings mark read-only EVMC functions as non-mutating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Rust bindings mark read-only EVMC host methods as non-mutating.
```
